Below are the concepts that will enhance that API Security:
- Use HTTPS
- Use Auth2
- use Web Authentication
- Use Leveled API Keys
- Authorization
- Rate Limiting
- APi Versioning 
- WhiteListing
- Check OWASI API Security Risks
- Use API Gateway
- Error Handling 
- Input Validation

1. Use HTTPS: Always use HTTPS to encrypt data in transit. This prevent data interception. 
             Client <---HTTPS---> Server

2. UseAuth2: If your API is meant to be accessed by third-party applications, consider implementing OAuth2.O for secure delefgation of Authorization.
            User (Resource Owner) --> Authorization Server
            |
            v
            |
            Client (Third-party App) --> Resource Server

3. Use Web Authentication: It is a modern and robust security standard that can significantly enhance APi Security, particularly enables strong, passwordless, and multifactor authenication, making it valuable addition to your API security strategy.
            User Device <--> WebAuthn (Browser) <--> Web Server

4. Use of Leveled API keys: It can be a valuable tool in enhancing API security by providing a fine-grained control over access and privileges. They allow you to assign different levels of access to various users or application,
                            ensuring that each entity can only perform the specific actions for which they are authorized.
          API Key (Level 1) --> Access to Basic Resources
          API Key (Level 2) --> Access to Advanced Resources

5. Authorization : Implement proper authorization to restrict what specific users or application can do within the API.
          Authorized User/Client Accessing Resources       

6. Rate Limiting: Implement rate limiting to prevent abuse or overuse of your API. This can help protect your server from being overwhelmed by too many requests.
                Design rate limiting rules based on IP, user, action group etc.
        Client --> API
           |
           v
        Rate-Limiting Controls (e.g., Allow 100 Requests/Minute)

7. API Versioning: It prevents helps in maintaning the stability and security of your APIs as your application evolove. While it may not directly enhance security, 
                  it indirectly contributes to API security by allowing for controlled and predictable changes.
        v1 --> Legacy API
        v2 --> Updated API

8. WhiteListing: It is a security practice that helps enhance API security by explicitly specifying what is allowed, which helps to minimise attacks surfaces and reduce the risk of unauthorized access or malicious activities.
        Allowed IP Addresses/Entities
        |
        v
      API Server

9. Use API Gateway: Considering using an API gateway that provides security featues like authentication, rate limiting, and logging in a centralized manner. 
        API Gateway
         |
         v
      APIs (Authentication, Rate Limiting, Logging)

10. Error Handling: Provide generic errors messages to users and log detailed errors on the server side for debugging. 
        Client <-- Error Message -- API

11. Input Validation: -Sanitize and validate all inputs from external sources to prevents injection attack.
                      -Use Parameterized queries when interacting with databases to prevent SQL injection.
        User Input --> Validation --> API


